Chapter 17 initial setup (#30)
LaunchCodeEducation/csharp-web-dev-curriculum: content/orm-part-1/exercises/_index.md

---
title: "Exercises: OMG the ORM!"
date: 2023-03-10T09:32:46-06:00
draft: false
weight: 2

> originalAuthor: <no value> # to be set by page creator
> originalAuthorGitHub: <no value> # to be set by page creator
> reviewer: # to be set by the page reviewer
> reviewerGitHub: # to be set by the page reviewer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
originalAuthor: Courtney Frey # to be set by page creator
originalAuthorGitHub: speudusa # to be set by page creator
reviewer: Kimberly Horan # to be set by the page reviewer
reviewerGitHub: codinglikeagirl42 # to be set by the page reviewer
```
